it. So,
a funnel, at least in the way that I
would describe it, is the theoretical
but very real process that you take to
move someone from not knowing who you
are to becoming a real paying client.
You can look at the definition of funnel
and I'm sure you'll get a bunch of
different things, but that's what we're
going to say a funnel is.
So, it starts with you driving traffic,
then you getting their email address,
and then them booking a call. If it was
a gym, maybe come and book a demo or
book a free class. Or if it was, you
know, a high ticket software, it could
be booking a demo. Or you could also
substitute this with joining a webinar
or doing whatever. There's many
possibilities. Then a sales call happens
eventually or a sales process happens
and then they become a client or they
don't.
So I have three different examples of
what to do. So the first one is where we
all work here. The mastermind the
process of getting someone to join this
for consulting. Then I have one where
it's more like getting a business to
apply for a loan and then it's getting
those lenders to buy the leads that are
generated from this one. So you generate
the leads that people from want a loan
and you sell it to lenders and brokers
who want to give the loans to those
people and like those two work together.
So, in a lot of the cases, you're going
to need to have a buyer funnel and then
some way to deliver the product. So,
let's start with
this. There's a few different parts in a
funnel. There's the traffic,
normally content and ads. There's other
ways to drive traffic such as outreach
and partnerships, but neither of those
things really go through a funnel. If
you cold email someone, you're just
talking to them in email. They don't
really go through this process. If
someone refers you in a partnership, you
usually just also skip this entire
process and you're straight to the call.
Then we have an opt-in page, which we're
only going to use from traffic, only
from traffic, and I'll explain that in a
minute. We have a sales page with a
VSSO. We have the book a call page. Then
we have the DQ, which stands for
disqualification page. I'm actually
going to put application form in here.
So, if they go to the page, they read
it, they watch the VSSL, they think this
is for them, they'll submit an
application. If they're qualified,
they'll go to the book a call page and
book a call. If they're disqualified,
they'll go to a DQ page where there's a
few possibilities.
You know, you might have a downell, you
might have a crossell.
If you don't, then it just might just
say sorry, and that's fine. You'll have
a thank you/confirmation
page if they do book a call. Then you'll
have email flows. You'll have a welcome
flow and a pre-all flow and a sales and
a follow-up. And then you'll have the
sales call. So, I have a big outline
that I'm making, but I'm going to go
through all of these right here anyways.
So, the first thing is we're going to
need a traffic source. Doesn't matter if
you have the rest of this. If there's no
traffic flowing through it, it's not
really going to do anything. So, for
example, for scale your agency, the
dominant form of traffic is content.
It's upwards of 90%. I'm about to start
ads, but it's upwards of 90%. So,
someone views my YouTube channel or my
Twitter or my LinkedIn or my Instagram,
mostly from YouTube. You'll see I have a
YouTube video here. In the first line,
it'll be download my free trainings.
and then also in the pinned comment.
So if someone sees this, they say, "Oh,
this guy has some trainings." We click
on it.
This would be the opt-in page with a
lead magnet. So lead magnet usually some
sort of free value
and then they would opt in. So they
would put their stuff here, they put
their website, they'll tell me their
revenue, they'll say, "Are you an agency
owner?" and they'll click this. And now
I have their information. They've become
a lead. I wouldn't say they become a a
very good prospect yet, but now we have
their contact information. We can
contact them. We know their name, their
email, their phone number, their
website, that kind of stuff. Then they
would click download. Now I am not going
to do that in this process just cuz this
is for demonstration only. But if they
do that, they will be redirected to this
page, which is the sales page. So now
they've done here and now they've been
redirected here. You can follow the
arrows. The reason that you wouldn't
want to do an opt-in page
on from your ads is because it just gets
in the way. Your opt-in page might have
10% 20% 30% opt-in rate and that's going
to exclude 70 80 90% of people who very
may well be qualified but just don't
want to opt in for whatever reason yet.
You're actually hurting yourself quite a
bit by running ads to an opt-in page. If
you are trying to do a basic funnel like
this, when you're targeting, you know,
business owners or wealthier individuals
or,
you know, not just absolute beginners,
they just want the facts as fast as
possible. You want to make it as low
friction. So now they have gone from
this page, which should be as simple as
possible. Some people make this very
complicated. What is the lead magnet?
What are they gonna get? And a form.
That's it. Some people will have a huge
page that's, you know, you could scroll
down for two minutes and still keep
reading. That's never going to work in
this kind of thing. If we go to my forms
here, you'll see 43% of people completed
this from YouTube. That is okay. I
wouldn't say that's fantastic, but if we
did the same thing from paid ads, this
would be more like 10 to 20%. And it's
just we don't need that to happen. this
opt-in page and any metrics are always
going to be way higher and way more
effective from content because they've
watched an hour of my stuff, two hours,
three hours, 10 hours, like whatever.
Versus ads, it's likely the very first
time they've ever heard about me. They
don't even know who I am. Like, they
don't care. They don't admire me. They
don't view me as an expert. They don't
even view me as someone worth learning
from. It's just how it is. And you have
to understand that when you're making a
funnel.
This is the sales page with
>> I have a question if it's okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, does uh
like a visual uh image of the lead
magnet make any difference on the opt-in
page or is just an extra
>> It won't make any difference. Not
really.
>> Cool.
So next
the ads would go here and then if they
opted in it would also go here to the
page at the VSSL. Should be noted that
if they opt in here I have their email
address. They should automatically start
receiving my email flows specifically my
welcome flow here. So here's my welcome
flow. This is meant to just give them
more information about everything and
nurture them and touch points. So,
they're reading my email. You can give
them more stuff. You can talk about what
you do. I have a framework for that that
I'll talk about another time, but the
email flow starts to happen here.
Now, we have our page with the VSSO.
The number one reason that people don't
book calls
is they just don't have enough
information to even want to book a call.
A lot of people have very bad habits
here that they just don't really explain
it or they explain it in a sense that
they like you need to watch 30 minutes
of this video to even understand what's
going on. The thing that I like to do is
have a headline, have some sort of proof
or some social social proof up here.
Call out for, you know, call out who
it's for because a lot of time it's not
even clear.
>> It is Matt. I
>> then you have a VSSL. Then you have an
apply now button and then you just
explain in plain English what it is. So
what is the goal?
>> It is Matt.
>> The goal is to
build this, who this is for, what you
get, why you should do it, how much it
costs, how to get started, FAQs, and
some social proof. Some proof that
someone somewhere has actually done this
before and it's good. Like would be
nice. So you don't have to go crazy, but
at least some proof that this is good.
So now we are here.
If you've done it right, if you have
basically explained it well in the ad or
they've watched enough of your content
to want to move forward,
then they might apply. So at this stage,
this would be a button. You can embed it
in the page or you can have a button
like this. I've tested it and it's about
a 5% better to have it on its own page.
So, when you're first starting out or if
you're not doing that well, you don't
have insane amounts of volume. It would
be like it's not really going to make
that much difference either way. Like a
lot of people try to worry about very
small optimizations when, you know,
they're just starting out, but like like
brother, you need this to be 600%
better, not 5% better. like
it's very very important. This page
should have a bunch of
disqualifications. If they are not a
service-based B2B owner, like they're an
e-commerce store, they this is not for
them. Not it's going to kick them out.
Do you have clients already? This is not
for people who don't have any clients.
It doesn't teach you how to make a
service at all. They're going to be
kicked out. How are you generating
leads? It's just good for my
information. like they're not going to
get kicked out here. Do you have a
business partner or multiple business
partners just good for the call? Like do
your business partners need to know this
is it? Do you have one hour or more per
day to work on this? Yes. What revenue
are you currently doing? No matter what
you're whether you're doing a mastermind
or business loans or you're a plumber or
you're targeting plumbers or targeting
companies like how much revenue are you
doing is always going to be a core
question. You're going to have an idea
like for this one they're not doing
30,000 a month or more. They get
redirected elsewhere which I'll talk
about soon. So let's just say 30,000. I
always tell them the price like this is
2025. people who hide the price, like
there's really no value in doing that
anymore.
If they're not okay with the price, like
we're just wasting our time talking to
them. Like realistically, especially
when we have sales reps. They're not
okay with the price, like why would we
talk to them? I'm just going to leave it
at that. When are you looking to join?
If they're looking to join 90 days out,
I just disqualify them personally. Then
we get their website
and then we get their contact
information and that is the form here.
So if we go back on the form
um don't think I able to go back but for
example for the question if they if they
um are doing less than 30k they're doing
less than 30k my form says they're
unqualified and I happen to have a
downell. So, if you were going to go on
this form and maybe I'll just actually
show you how I'll show you um
as proof cuz
proof is a good thing.
They get redirected to my school which
is for people who are doing 10K or less.
So, I have a downell.
If at all possible, you want a downell.
you want to get some of that revenue.
Even if you can get like if you had a
$30,000 product and then you had a
downell that's 5,000, you might as well
try to get some downells if possible.
Maybe like you would do, you know, we're
going to put BAC for book a call and
that would just be a separate process
there if that happened. In my case, my
downell's $97. They can just buy or they
don't buy. It's all good.
And then what you want to do in most
cases
is you want to have the cal the
calendarly button embedded inside of
type form instead of a separate page. If
you have it on a separate page it's fine
and there are use cases for that. But if
you do it if you do it the application
and going to this embedded on a separate
page for example usually you're going to
get like 50% drop off. So 50% of or 100%
of people fill out the application, but
then 50% book a call. If you have it
embedded and you need to book a call to
actually submit the application, usually
it's going to be 70 to 80%. When you're
doing this at scale, it's a large amount
of drop off that you really can't have
if you want to be profitable. There are
situations where you'd have it on a
page. For example, a lot of rich people
like the richer someone is or the more
successful the business is, the more
this is true. You say, "Okay, there's a
calendarly on the page or you can click
this button that will text me on
WhatsApp if you just prefer that." Like
that is a situation where, you know, you
might have it on a page. If they book a
call, they're going to want to go to the
thank you page or the confirmation page.
So, let's open up mine.
Uh thank you.
And on this page, we want a few things
to happen. We want to give them, you
know, even a basic rundown of what to
expect on the call. We want to show them
that they have to accept, especially in
Google. If they've never texted you or
emailed you or had communication with
you before, it's going to say unknown
sender. And you're going to want to
click I know the sender. And then I like
to say text me if you want to. And then
I have more usually the equivalent proof
as well as you know watch my YouTube
channel a little bit before.
What you also want to do and what I'm
going to be doing this week is you also
want to take your top three FAQs.
Normally they're going to be time
related, price related, and whatever
else related. The third one is usually
specific. So for mine it's why should I
trust you? Because I've exited three
agencies before. price related, you
know, how am I going to get an ROI on
this? Time related, like how exactly
does it work so I can make this
efficient? You'd have just one to three
minute videos here. You know, for
business lending, it's am I going to get
scammed with this? Like, why should I do
you as opposed to all of the other
business lenders? Um, could be a third
one. Not going to think of it off the
top of my head. But we want to treat
this page as like a sales rep. Like you
want to like really view this as you're
trying to close them on this page.
A good rule of thumb is whatever you
hear all the time on the call and what
you're sick of talking about, you know,
put that on your thank you page so they
just know. This here, what I said before
about the reason that people don't book
calls is because they don't have enough
information. The reason why people
further down the funnel don't show up to
the call is be for the same reason. They
just don't even have enough information.
So that's what you're going to give them
here. If you had just like, okay, you
booked a call versus this, your show
rate might be 30, 40% before, now it's
going to be 60, 70, 80%, especially if
it's coming from content. Your show
rate's always going to be a bit less if
it's coming from ads, just because they
have less rapport with you. You know, if
they watch 10 of your YouTube videos,
you're basically their best friend
versus all of that kind of stuff. But
it's very important. So, the thank you
page,
it should be noted that if we go back in
that I'm going to change the color here,
but in that opt-in page, they're going
to get that welcome flow, but also when
they submitted that form and you have
their information, they're also going to
get that welcome flow.
Now, if they've booked a call, so the
50% of people who booked a call, if you
have basically
not put your Calendarly in your type
form or the 70% if they booked the call,
what we want to do is we want to have a
Zapier that says, okay, Kalanly goes to
Zapier, we want to remove them from this
welcome flow and we want to add them to
the pre-all flow. And we want to do that
just because we don't want them to
receive both. The welcome flow, the
pre-all flow, and the follow-up flow are
going to look very similar. If you find
yourself creating those and they look
basically the same, that is correct. You
need to give them the information, and
the information is the information. It's
just the welcome flow is something
that's basically
educational based on 30 days. The
pre-all flow is, you know, basically I
do 18 emails, one every six hours or one
every four hours for three days before
the call, which is basically taking that
welcome flow and condensing it as much
as possible as fast as possible. A lot
of people are going to be really lame.
They're going to be like, I'm going to
annoy them or they're going to be mad.
About 10% of people will say, stop
spamming me. I don't even want to do the
call anymore. But those people aren't
really going to be serious prospects
anyways. And the other ones are going to
have a 70% 80% 90% open rate. You're not
bothering them. You're doing them a
favor. Like they booked a call because
they want this information from you.
See, mine is 66% 76% 73%. This is just
the last 30 days. 69% like this is the
information and the objections and all
the stuff they have. This is modern 2025
marketing. This is you doing an actual
good job and educating the prospect.
You're going to see your open rates
skyrocket. You're going to see them
coming up to the call way more educated
on how it works. They're going to come
up to the call, you know, ready to close
instead of you having to instead of
using you as a librarian. Basically,
it's very, very important. Then the call
is going to take place.
Everyone's going to have their own
process for a call. I always say that
all sales process, all good sales
processes look the same and all bad
sales processes are unique in their own
terrible way. This is not going to
really be how to run a sales process or
a sales call training in this what we're
doing right now. So before they get to
the call, they should have got the
pre-all flow. If you really have
tremendous volume, what you also want to
do is have retargeting ads here. It's
not in this diagram, but if you have big
volume, it's good. And what you
basically be doing is you'd be making
about 60 one minute videos
of and each of those would be about
hammering out a specific objection. So,
a short form. So, like how much time
does this take? A lot of people think
that this takes X, Y, and Z time, but
really we've drilled it down into this.
And then you just have those running.
The goal would be to because especially
if they come from ads would be to force
feed them these retargeting ads before
the sales call basically the same
function as the pre-all flow. So they
literally know everything. The goal if
you're going to do this strategy and
when I say volume what I really mean is
you're getting at least 400 calls booked
in a monthly basis. If you're getting
less than that chances are these ads are
not going to deliver at all. So, it's
just one of those things. Basically, you
have to have at least 100 people in this
custom audience for these ads to
deliver. But, Facebook doesn't match
everybody perfectly. A lot of the time
you can lose 75% of those people in
matching. So, you need to have 400. So,
that's just if you're looking for math
and a quantifiable what is volume, then
that's it. at sales calls taking place,
95% or more of people are not going to
buy on the call or close within five
minutes of the call. So then they're
going to the follow-up process. The
follow-up process is going to look the
exact same as all these, but it's just
going to be a little different. The
pre-all process is going to be always
referencing that we have a call coming
up. You can use variables to show it at
the call's coming at what date. And the
follow-up is always going to reference
the fact that you had a call and how to
get started with the next steps
basically. So like this is the funnel.
So if we go through it and we go through
mine, let's just go through mine here.
Oops.
So now we've filled out this
application.
And then in my type form, let's just
pretend we've done it here. Let's just
pretend this is live so I don't book a
call. Then they're going to basically
see my thank you page.
Let's So that's my pre-all flow
and let's open it up here. Welcome and
then enclosed.com is my follow-up. So
we're not going to see those open right
now, but we've gone from start to
finish. So this is our content. It's
going to this opt-in page.
I have opened up the opt-in page or I've
submitted and now I'm on my VSSL page.
Um,
let's duplicate this a little.
Now I'm on the VSSL page. I'm looking.
Now they have been receiving my welcome
flow because they've opted in. They've
clicked the apply now button. They have
gone to my form. If they are
disqualified, they're going to be going
to this page here.
where I'm going to get some revenue.
If they are not, if they're qualified,
they're going to book a call here. If
they book a call here, they're going to
see this thank you page. They're also
going to be taken out of the welcome
flow and into the pre-all flow. And then
I'm going to run my sales process, which
if you want to see my what I share on
the calls,
it's very very uh very very basic.
So this is basically what I show in the
column and that's how it works. So mine
is about 90% optimized. But what would
we do for something like business loan
funnel? So business loan funnel
if we get rid of all of these
there's really no like for most part
content is out. And because content is
out, the opt-in page is out. If you are
doing something like a payper lead
business, you don't really want your
clients to know how to do it themselves.
That's just giving in direct
competition. It's a big market. There's
thousands of lending companies. There's
millions and millions of small business,
but we don't really want to create mass
competition for ourselves, right? So, we
have our ad. So for example,
so we have our ad for example. Let's
just say here this is our ad or this are
our three ads here. We're just talking
about them and then they click.
Oh, it should be this page stake.
This page is I would say a little
underoptimized and we're working on it
right now. Wow, that looks terrible. So,
we're going to pretend that doesn't
exist and it's not overflowing there.
But this should say something like
serving business brokers and lenders.
This should be at the top. Qualified and
exclusive business loan leads delivered
to your in real time. Then because it's
a business loan and it has kind of a a
bad reputation like as scammers or
because I personally don't want my face
to show on so people come and like dox
me or some like that. I'm using a
DSL and this stands for Dex sales
letter. The DSL is basically just a
different format of the VSSL. So you
would just really have one or the other.
There are situations where you would use
a DSL. So, one, you just don't want your
face on it for whatever reason, good or
bad. Number two, if you know you're just
absolutely terrible at making a video,
like you suck at it, you look like a an
idiot on it, you're bad at
communicating, you're just so
uncomfortable, you might just do a DSL
because you're just so bad at it.
Another instance where you might have a
DSL instead
is if you had a VSSL and then you had
that embedded in your site on Wistia or
something of that nature and you see
statistics and you just see that the
engagement rate and the play rate are
just so low that people clearly don't
care enough to do this. This will be the
case a lot in industries like home
services. This will be a lot if you are
talking to old people like you're
selling
senior living, I don't know, anything to
old people who just don't even know they
should be watching the video for some
reason.
And if you see your engagement's like 5%
or 3% or something and people just
aren't watching this, it is good to give
a DSL a try just because
it's clearly not working anyway. Might
as well try. So, this has to be done
with Google Slides usually and they can
just click through it at their own pace.
Basically, what you want to do is just
give the facts. Basically, anything that
you would have in a VSSL already, you
would do it in here. I don't think this
is a particularly good DSL. It should
usually for reference be about 70
slides, but it's all good.
And then we have either our calendarly
or we'd have our application in the
page.
So, this is a very interesting caveat
for a lot of people because up to this
point of this call, we've gone ads to
page of VSSL and I said you should
always have an apply button and a form.
The reason that you'd want to have an
apply button and a form when you're
doing ads is what I said before, like
you got to make sure they're qualified
in the price. Like, why would you want
to talk to these people? But also the
way that Facebook works and the way that
machine learning and the algorithm works
is every conversion you get, you
basically get one data point. So if
Matthew Johnson who's on this call sees
my ad and goes in on my form and they
have opted in, Facebook sees that this
person has opted in. It goes through
Matthew Johnson's
Facebook and Instagram and WhatsApp and
browsing history and god knows what else
and tries to find more people with
similar interests, attributes, whatever
else they use to Matthew Johnson. And
then the 300 million people in the
United States gets narrowed down to or
looks for people like Matthew Johnson,
for example.
Then Matthew Johnson and now Sophia Kurd
comes in. Now it has two conversions and
it says okay it's looking for people who
share the same trade says Sophia and
Matthew Johnson and then you go to 10
people 10 conversions tracked and then
it keeps getting narrower and narrower
and narrower and narrower
for this reason because it becomes very
difficult at the start like I always
tell people your first five conversions
are more difficult to get than
conversion six to a thousand just
because when you're first starting
you really have no data to go off of.
You know, your offer is probably weird,
your ads are probably bad and it's just
very difficult to go from zero to one to
use the startup or business speak.
Then when you get something that works
and you start to get data, it becomes a
lot easier.
when Matthew Johnson and Sophia have
opted in. Once we get to a 100
conversions, our tracking will literally
or our targeting will literally be 5,
10, 25 times better. And we get to a
thousand conversions, it will literally
be a 100 times more accurate than when
we are when it's first starting. We
don't need any interest. We don't need
any targeting. It's just letting the
algorithm do what it is. So, we want
this form there because if we're
targeting business lenders and Matthew
Johnson and Sophia are not business
lenders, we're going the wrong way.
Basically, we're targeting people who
are not business lenders at all and are
not qualified to buy. This is the
important caveat here in advertising
and I'm going to do it with a different
example. So for business lending here or
in a different category I do called
um buy internationally which is
international real estate brokers.
We have our kalumanly embedded here
because when we're first starting out,
you know, most realtors are poor. Most
realtors are not going to be doing
enough revenue. To go back to that
revenue question on the form earlier,
but when you're first starting out, at
least they're realtors, and that's a
start. They might be the poorest
realtors ever. They might be absolutely
unqualified to ever buy from you, but
them being realtors is much better than
them being a grandma. So we got to start
somewhere. So in this case, the reason
that we wouldn't have our we just have
our calendarly in here and we don't have
a form to make it to give friction is
they might be independent business loan
dealers. They might have not any any
sales reps at all. They might be pretty
terrible and unlikely to ever buy or if
they do buy, maybe they'll just buy once
and just not really be a good client,
but at least they'll be business
lenders. So, it's very very good when
you first start advertising. And this is
where we got to use our big beautiful IQ
and know that there's nuance to
everything. It might just be better just
to skip the form here and the qualified
thing and just and the application
button and just let them book a call
because they might not be great, but at
least they're going to be our target
audience. Then when we get 10 or 20 or
50 or 100 conversions and Facebook at
least knows who we're targeting, then we
add this stuff back in. A lot of people,
especially when they are first starting
out, definitely add too much friction
where, you know, I only want to work
with businesses who are doing a million
dollars a month or more. Statistically,
that's going to be what in every 250,
maybe even less businesses. and there's
I think 37 million small business in the
United States at the start it'd be
better just to target business owners
let alone you know trying to make it
that complicated.
So that is a very important nuance for a
lot of people. Most people I would say
upwards of 95% of people that I've ever
worked with in a consulting manner never
even get their first conversion. If you
read Facebook's white paper, 97.1%
of people who try Facebook ads never get
a single conversion. Whether that's a
lead, whether that's a call booked,
whether that's a app download, whether
that's a conversion in or a sale in
terms of e-commerce, 97.1% of people
never ever get anything. And all of
Facebook's billions in revenue and I
believe several trillion in market cap
is from the 2.9% of people who do. So we
don't want to make it too tough on
ourselves. If we're doing it on Kalumly,
we can at least, you know, say this is
how much we're charging, this is the
minimum size, this is how like how many
sales reps do you have and elsewhere.
I'm actually triing a new software right
now called I closed. It basically
combines well it's basically like
kalanly but you can you can actually
kick people out if they don't answer
correctly. So it kind of combines the
form and this into one. The jury is
still out on this. So it could be
amazing, it could be terrible. We'll
see.
But that is how a funnel works. So
realistically
there's a few different problems. Number
one is traffic.
If you get no traffic or you're very bad
at advertising and your traffic's too
expensive, that's a very big hurdle to
having successful advertising.
With content, your traffic's free.
Basically, just takes blood, sweat, and
tears. But it is limited by scale. Like
not all content or mostly no content is
going to go viral. With advertising, you
are going to get traffic guaranteed. But
it is more of an efficiency or a skill
game. If you're not advertising right,
like you're going to get reach, you're
going to get impressions, but there's no
guarantee that it's going to work. With
content, you're going to do it for free,
but there's no guarantee of reach. These
are kind of opposite. And a good
business will always have both of these
because both of them work together. So
you are spending a ton on ads, you are
naturally going to get more followers
and fans on YouTube, on Facebook, on
Instagram, on Twitter, on LinkedIn as a
crossover.
Likewise, if someone has viewed or if
someone clicks on your ad and they click
on your Instagram profile and there's a
bunch of valuable content on there and
they watch 10 shorts, for example,
they're much more likely to click or
take whatever action that you want them
to take if they see content versus it's
bare. very very important. These two
things also benefit something that's not
on here, which is outreach and
partnerships. If someone is a fan of
yours, watches all of your content or
reads all of your posts and sees your
ads all the time and you just happen to
outreach them because they're in your
target audience, they're much more
likely to respond than if that wasn't
like you didn't have any content or ads.
Then you would just be completely
anonymous to them. So number one is your
traffic. If you're not getting enough
traffic or it's too expensive, that's
bottleneck number one. Bottleneck number
two is your we're going to just put LP
for landing page. So if they come to
your landing page and it's just
terrible, it doesn't have enough
information. It's not a desirable offer.
It doesn't match the ads. That's why
like a lot of people will just do
over-the-top ads, but if it doesn't
match the landing page, like
the expectation of going to the landing
page is going to just make them bounce.
For example, like if I should say in my
ad that we're going to give you
qualified and exclusive business loan
leads in real time, like we want our
landing page to always match the ad or
else we're going to have huge confusion
and drop off.
So here your landing page doesn't have
enough information. Your VSSL or DSL is
terrible, which usually means it doesn't
have enough or clear information. You
don't have enough social proof. Uh so it
can be some other stuff. Your landing
page takes forever to load.
The third one is going to be basically
your form is too strict.
So we're just going to put Oops. I don't
know why I did that.
So a lot of the time you are too strict
with your form to some degree. You want
to be as strict as possible. Sometimes
like you'll be needlessly turning people
away that might not be absolute whale
ideal clients but clients that are good
enough.
The next thing would be you are not
booking enough calls.
So
you know like they've submitted your
form like but they're just not for
whatever reason booking enough calls.
Usually it's cuz they're lukewarm
interested and you can do that by more
information and more social proof. The
next one is going to be the show. We're
going to put the show
yeah show rate SR and you do that with
your pre-all flow and your thank you
page and your retargeting ads and all
that kind of stuff. And the final one is
going to be the obviously sales call
that is kind of beyond the scope of this
video. There's I'm going to or training
I can do a complete one in sales in
itself and maybe I'll do that. But these
are going to be the places that you can
make sure or improve your stuff. So
traffic, you know, more would be the
first one. So always just do more more
content, more ad spend. If that's not
working or that is capped out, then it
has to be better. That would be the
second option. And then if you have done
more and you're made it better and it's
still then you might need to try a new
channel or a new angle or something of
that nature. If your landing page sucks
and you're basically not getting enough
people to even start the form, that's
going to be a function of it's not clear
enough. There's not enough information.
There's no not enough proof that this
actually works. For your form, you want
to ask the exact number of qualifying
questions that make sense. No more, no
less. You want to have as many as you
need, but you don't want to have an
unnecessarily amount. Like, you don't
just want to I don't even know some
examples off the top of my head, but it
shouldn't be unnecessary.
For the book a call, you know, you main
thing you can do is put proof and having
that inside the type form. For show
rate, you want to have all of that stuff
on the thank you page and more. You want
to have a great pre-all flow that force
feeds them information. Like I said,
retargeting ads, more proof, all that
kind of stuff. The sales call, you know,
how you introduce yourself, the first 30
seconds should be scripted. The
questions you ask should be not
scripted, but you should have a list.
You should have a objection handling
list because if you do a 100 calls or
even you do 10 calls, like you're going
to find that there's 8 to 12 objections
and that's just going to be there. So
you have a metaphor, you have a story,
you have an example of how to overcome
each of those. You can just choose, you
train your salespeople. You go for the
close properly, and then you follow up.
So there's not very many things you can
do or places that could be the problem
in your business. You could really
condense this down to, you know, you
could really
condense this down to four places if you
wanted to. And there if you're looking
for actual metrics on how to diagnose
this for traffic, number of clicks, but
cost per click is good for landing page.
The main metric you're going to think of
is, you know, how many people start your
application versus come to your page. So
that's going to vary pretty wildly.
For the show rate, basically what you're
going to want to track is number of
people that show up versus number of
clicks. Or if you want to take that one
step further, how much money you have to
do or you have to spend to get one
qualified person to show up. And then
you're going to just go your close rate
and then to some degree how long it
takes for some between someone filling
out the application and them closing
just because that's going to be
important for your cash flow. Like
there's only four overarching places
that you can do. A lot of people,
you know, think there's a million ways
and there's not. There's four and
there's many different things you could
do there. But at the same time, there's
only four places you could put your
time. What you want to do and what you
get in the mindset of like for this,
you're going to see that in your ads
manager. If you
It's very very important to understand
that
if it's working and you're getting
clients at an acceptable customer
acquisition cost, nothing else here in
terms of metrics matter at all. Just
leave it. you're if you're getting
clients, you're getting clients, no
problem. But a lot of these are useful
if it's not working to dive into the
metrics to diagnose it. So, if I open up
here
and I go to let's just go here.
So, what you're going to want to aim for
in your ads manager
is you're if you want to aim for
something and it like I said, if it's
working, doesn't matter at all. But if
you want to aim for something, a 3 and a
half% outbound click-through rate is a
indication of this is a really good
resonating ad that's it has potential to
be an amazing campaign.
Your cost per click is going to be a
function of your outbound click-through
rate and your CPM. more competitive
niches like business owners will have a
higher CPM.
If you have a high outbound
click-through rate, that's going to
signal to Facebook that people like this
and your CPM is going to be going down.
Because if we think of it, Facebook
makes money by having people use
WhatsApp and Instagram and Facebook. If
your ads aren't resonating, that's bad
for Facebook because people are going to
leave the platform. So, they're going to
deliver your ad, but they're going to
penalize you basically by charging you
more, which if you see your CPM being
100 or 200 or 300 like some people have,
it's a very good indication your ad is
terrible.
Here's an application rate. And a lot of
the time you're going to be wanting to
get a 10% application rate is something
good to search for like to aim for
because not everyone's going to book a
call. Not everyone is going to show up.
Not everyone is going to be qualified.
So a 10% application rate leading to a 3
to 5% qualified shown booked call rate
is what you're going to aim for. So
based on this funnel, I can see that
2.62% 62% outbound clickthrough rate is
just fine. Maybe we'll aim for 3.5% but
this is not slouchy by any means.
Something that's.5%.85%
is bad. We need to fix it. But this is
if we go to what's the constraint here.
My ads are not the constraint. 1.87 cost
per click is good enough in general. If
you're seeing over $10 cost per click,
you're probably screwed and you need to
like fix it. But zuring into here, my
application rate is about four times
worse than it should be here. So in this
situation, I can see that based on my
numbers, I need to really focus on my
landing page and my form because it's
just so bad.
So that would be a situation here. So in
this case,
landing page, I need to do make the page
more information.
I need to have a VSSL. That page doesn't
even have a VSSL. More social proof has
very limited social proof. And that's
why it sucks. I'm not wondering or
sitting scratching my head why it sucks.
I know very well why this application
rate sucks and I need to fix it.
If I
had you're going to aim for 70% show
rate and you can just do that basic math
whether you have that beaming to a
spreadsheet where you can just use
formulas or you can just literally
see how many call recordings do I have
versus how many booked calls like very
easy and then your close rate
like you are going to see what that is
it's just how many clients did I How
many calls did I take
from ads? You're going to see a 15 to
20% close rate at scale
per content. That could be well, it's
going to be a lot higher, but I have a
70.5% close rate for consulting from my
YouTube just because they know
everything about me. They think I'm
smart already. Like, they're coming to
the call to close.
But those are the places that you could
like this is a funnel in its most basic
form. There's many different types of
funnels for a webinar funnel. You would
probably change this this here to you
know sign up for my webinar.
If you have templates or something like
I did with my agency I sold I did
landing page templates. You would put
that here and then eventually you'd hope
that they just want to hire you to do it
for them. for what's another kind of DM
funnel. They would this would be a DM
instead.
So the bits and pieces are always going
to be the same, but
the fundamentals are important.
This is a lot like a vehicle or like a
car.
I want to clarify car, not like an
investment vehicle. It's like a car.
You need every single piece of it for it
to even function properly. A lot of the
time people like, "What are the three
things I can do?" Well, you have to do
all of them. You're going to just fail
if you have three things. If you had
every piece of a car except the steering
wheel, that car is extremely useless to
you. And it's the same thing here. If
you had every piece of the car but the
brakes, useless to you. If you had every
piece of the funnel, but you're not
following up, your close rate's going to
be three times less than it should be.
If you have every piece of the follow or
the funnel, but your landing page is
terrible, four times less than what you
should be based on what I have here. So,
you can't just have bits and pieces. You
have to have all of them. And I aim
having all of these at six out of 10 in
terms of quality
is 5,000 times better than having half
of them at 10 times quality. Just get it
up there. Throw it up. At least you have
it. You can always fix it later and then
you'll be fine. You need to have every
piece of it just in the way I described
if you want to have any success in
business. And 95% of the businesses out
there don't have success. If you look
just look at, you know, the Bureau of
Labor Statistics.
So how many businesses do $1 million per
year in the USA? Then how many do 10
million per year as a percentage?
Simple.
So literally 33 million businesses, only
4% of them actually hit a million
dollars. And that's just revenue. If you
do a 20% margin,
which is pretty standard for most
businesses, especially because most
businesses aren't particularly well-run,
4% of people make 200K, assuming they
don't have to reinvest any of it. And
then one in literally 0.6% of businesses
make 10 mil, which is probably what
every entrepreneur wants to do is make a
couple of million dollars per year or
even $1 million per year.
So all of these businesses are not
wellrun at all. So it's not an
exaggeration when I say that literally
just by being on this call and knowing
this is what you should have, you're in
the top 5% of people and then if you
actually implemented it, you'd be in the
top 1% of people. And it's not
particularly complicated. You can set
all of this up in a weekend. I just view
that no most people don't have even
basic knowledge. And of those that do,
they don't implement it fully. And of
those who do implement it fully, a lot
of them can't keep it up for more than a
week or a month. So if you just use
statistics, you know, that's not very
many people. So although people say,
"Oh, this is saturated. Oh, this is
competitive."
Maybe in numbers, but 99.9% of people
who are doing this are not actually
serious in any way about their business
and are not really your competitors. So,
does anyone have any questions? As
there's only eight minutes left, so we
can have some time for questions.
>> Yeah, I do. So, we have a point where
people fill the form and they're
qualified and then they book in a call,
right? But like what if uh you know like
they don't book in a call? Do we have a
flow for that? Because uh because if
they don't
>> so what what should happen basically?
And I have this on my personal cell
phone, but if you are a serious like for
this, I'm the one closing it, right? So
I don't have a sales team. All of these
processes are in my head. That's not a
good thing. Like if you want a serious
business, you have to have these
processes. If someone fills out a form,
I have Zapier and it texts me
Aran filled out a form. This is his
email. This is his website. This is his
phone number. I instantly click and send
a video of myself to them saying, "I saw
you filled out the form." Like, "Do you
prefer to do this on a call or over
text?" They're going to respond. Like,
and basically, you should be doing that
or your sales rep should be doing that
if they book a call, too, cuz you know,
we'll call it selfie video, not a loom,
like an individual selfie video that you
picked up your phone and did. I know,
you know, most people are lazy. They
wouldn't do that. the show rate, the
amount of rapport, the them knowing what
you look like and are eager to talk to
you, you just showing initiative is
going to increase that show rate even
more. So like that's you want to have
Yeah, they that should be in here
somewhere. So I'm going to actually add
that.
Good question. I like that.
We're going to add that in here and
that's going to be we'll call it
permanent. So selfie video,
we might call it something that sounds
less weird, less
but we're going to call it a selfie
video for now.
And we're going to make it orange
because
we're just going to make it orange.
So selfie video.
And then I'm also going to put
retargeting ads here.
Doesn't apply to everyone, but it does
apply to super serious people who are
operating at scale. So, we're going to
put that in there.
>> Uh, I have a question as well.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So like an abandoned cart flow
does it work the same way
>> an like if you're doing a product
>> no service
>> an abandoned cart flow
>> for example
>> I we can't hear you if you're talking
>> all right yeah um The so like if they
going back to what Arian was saying if
they end up on the form but then they
don't finish it is it possible to do
something like an abandoned card flow
where we send them
>> Yeah.
>> Yes. So if they don't if they fill out
the form but don't do it you could do
that but your welcome flow will be
picking them up anyways.
So yeah, like you could do that I guess
if you want, but your welcome flow is
going to be doing that. And a lot of the
time, like if you're doing ads, right,
they literally can't like
they wouldn't be in this email flow
without doing your form. So like that's
so like it's essentially what you're
describing.
So basically, no, not really.
>> Okay, got you.
Yeah, I got another question mark. So I
see a lot of people do actually the uh
this like
was in
>> well are in Google.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I was saying
especially in the uh in the you know in
the info product niche people don't have
you know the uh like the open page
or like the sales page with VSSL but
they replace that with their Instagram
account as a sales page and their own
ads
>> that they have a DM sequence.
>> Yeah. So like this
>> like what do you think about that? is
that
>> this here would be just DM.
>> Okay.
>> Uh I think it's all right. I think it
has its place.
>> Um which one do you think it's is
better? Because in that you combine ads
and content and there's a higher chance
of them actually replying to your DM.
>> A DM funnel is I would say three notes.
One, it requires a lot of manual work.
Like you have to have someone there 24/7
to
>> Yeah.
>> do it. If that is true and you do that,
very valid. I would say the second one
is it's very hard to scale like it's
very good to go from like if you're I
don't know about numbers but if you're
going like you want just want to make
100k a month that's perfectly fine.
After that you're going to have
thousands of DMs that it becomes very
impractical even if you have multiple
people to even organize it.
So I think it's okay. I wouldn't do it
for a lot of niches. If you're targeting
younger people who prefer to do it like
that, which a lot of info product
customers are, then yes. But
>> do you think it's a good way to get to
around 50 to 100K and then implement
this funnel?
>> Yeah, I think so. I wouldn't do it for
something like business loans though. I
wouldn't do it for something like senior
living.
I would say like if you know your
audience is under 35, do it. If it's not
if that is not true, probably not. It
also should be noted that
a lot of the like for to some degree you
want to have all over the funnels. So
call, DM, you know, digital product,
webinar, lead magnet, like in a ideal
world, you would have all of these
working profitable because they all work
together. If someone downloads your lead
magnet, they're way more likely to come
to your webinar,
they watched your webinar a week ago,
they might DM you, uh they booked a
call, they might, you know, they're more
likely to book a call. But you got to
start somewhere. Don't start doing all
of them at once. Like, you got to get
one to, let's just say 100K per month,
and then you add a second one. Like you,
if you if all of the funnels are
profitable, you might as well run all of
them. But it is difficult enough to get
one funnel scaling, let alone all five
at once. So you would just pick one at
the start for sure.
>> Okay. And for metrics, like you said,
I'm like, if we're getting the final
result, like that's the sale, then we
don't look at any other metrics and try
to change it, right?
>> If you had a goal of getting a customer
for $1,000 and you're doing so for
$1,000.
Yeah. like don't change anything.
If you have a goal of 1,000 and you're
getting it for 2,000 now, you would look
at this stuff and see like why is this
wrong or like what is stopping me? And
it could be everything is stopping you.
But you also would want to start with
the one that's stopping you the most.
Your ads might not be good enough and
your landing page and your close rate
might not be good enough, but one of
them is going to be more terrible than
the others and you want to start there.
One of like no matter if you're at 100
or 10k a month or
100 million a month, one of these things
is always going to be the thing that's
stopping you from going further.
You know, like
you have financial problems, I have
financial problems, Warren Buffett has
financial problems. Like we all have
financial problems. They're just
different and better. So, it's the same
with scaling an adfunnel,
right?
>> And like which part of the funnel do you
think has the highest constraint or like
uh or like um you'd say like the is is
the most difficult part to crack? I'd
say the ads in the landing page are what
most people who are beginners start
with. Like most people if you get on a
call with someone and you've sold your
service before like do at least an
acceptable job.
So the first part like if you're
starting from scratch probably this
and then actually getting them to show
up and then sales. Usually,
usually when sales becomes a constraint
is when you actually have to hire
someone who's not you and train them to
do it properly. But if you're the
founder and you're starting out, usually
you've sold your service to someone at
some point multiple times. Like you've
proven that you can do it. So yeah, like
usually that's most people I would say
never get past this part.
And then those who get past this part,
usually they'll have a really low show
rate or just like really lowquality
calls where the people don't know
anything like you have to explain too
much to them where it's like a five call
close. And then the sales happens when I
try to get, you know, I have eight calls
a day, Monday to Friday. Now I have to
get Natalia to do the calls and she's
not me. She's not sold this product a
thousand times. she does not have the
authority that I have as the person in
the content or the founder of the
company. So that's usually where it
falls apart. And then when you're trying
to do this, you know, now you have 50
sales reps, like it can get pretty
complicated.
But that's going to be the end of this
training. Um I have to another call I
have to go to. If you have any
questions, just message me in Slack and
I'll post the recording when it renders.
So, bye-bye.